[CONFORMANCE] Update Conformance ReadMe according new features (#14043)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/tests/functional/plugin/conformance/test_runner/README.md

# Conformance test runner

## Description
Conformance suites certifies plugin functionality using a set of tests with plugin specificity independent parameters. There are 2 types of conformance validation.

### `API Conformance`

> The suite checks OpenVINO API the folowing entities a plugin implementation (Also there are test instantiations to validate hardware plugin functionality via software plugins (e.g. `MULTI`, `HETERO` and etc.) for the entities):

Reviewer: The suite checks the following OpenVINO API entities in a plugin implementation:
		* plugin
		* compiled model (executable network)
		* infer request
Also, there are test instantiations to validate hardware plugin functionality via software plugins (e.g. `MULTI`, `HETERO` and etc.) for the entities.

* plugin
* compiled model (executable network)
* infer request

The other part of API conformance suite is QueryModel validation:
* `ReadIR_queryModel` tests validates `query_model` API using simple single operation graph (Conformance IR) based on model parameters.
* `OpImplCheck` tests are simple syntetic checks to `query_model` and set implementation status per an operation.

A result of `apiConformanceTests` run is 2 xml files: `report_api.xml` and `report_opset.xml`. The first one shows OpenVINO API entities test statistic (like passed/failed/creashed/skipped/hanged test number, passrates and implementation status) per OPenVINO API entity. The second one demonstrates `query_model` results per operation.

### `Opset Conformance`

> The suite validates OpenVINO an operation plugin implemenatation using simple signgle operation graphs (Conformance IR) taken from models. The plugin inference output is compared with reference.

Reviewer 2: signgle  -> single

 The suite contains:
* `ReadIR_compareWithRefs` set allows to read IRs from folders recursive, infer it and compare plugin results with reference.
* `OpImplCheckTest` set checks an operation plugin implementation status using simple syntetic single operation graph (`Implemented`/`Not implemented`). The suite checks only `compile_model` without comparation with the reference.  

A result of `conformanceTests` run is `report_opset.xml` file. It demonstrates tests statistic like pass rate, passed, crashed, skipped failed tests and plugin implementation per operation for devices.

## How to build
Run the following command in build directory:
1. Generate CMake project:
   ```

>    cmake -DENABLE_FUNCTIONAL_TESTS=ON ..

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   cmake -DENABLE_TESTS=ON -DENABLE_FUNCTIONAL_TESTS=ON ..
```

   ```
2. Build the targets:
   ```
   make --jobs=$(nproc --all) subgraphsDumper
   make --jobs=$(nproc --all) conformanceTests
   make --jobs=$(nproc --all) apiConformanceTests
   ```
3. Build plugins to validate
   ```
   make --jobs=$(nproc --all) lib_plugin_name
   ```
   

> ## How to generate Conformance IRs set

Author: check the final part of the doc :)

# Conformance test runner

## Description

> Conformance suites certifies plugin functionality using a set of tests with plugin specificity independent parameters. There are 2 types of conformance validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conformance suites certify plugin functionality using a set of tests with plugin specificity independent parameters. There are two types of conformance validation.
```

* plugin
* compiled model (executable network)
* infer request
Also, there are test instantiations to validate hardware plugin functionality via software plugins (for example, MULTI, HETERO, etc.) for the entities.

The other part of the API conformance suite is QueryModel validation:
* `ReadIR_queryModel` tests validate the `query_model` API using a simple single operation graph (Conformance IR) based on model parameters.
* `OpImplCheck` tests are simple synthetic checks to `query_model` and set implementation status for each operation.

A result of the `apiConformanceTests` run is two xml files: `report_api.xml` and `report_opset.xml`. The first one shows OpenVINO API entities' test statistics for each OpenVINO API entity, such as passed/failed/crashed/skipped/hanging, tests number, pass rates, and implementation status. The second one demonstrates the `query_model` results for each operation.

### `Opset Conformance`
The suite validates an OpenVINO operation plugin implementation, using simple single operation graphs (Conformance IR) taken from models. The plugin inference output is compared with the reference.

 The suite contains:

> * `ReadIR_compareWithRefs` set allows reading IRs from folders recursively, infer them and compare plugin results with the reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ReadIR_compareWithRefs` set allows reading IRs from folders recursively, inferring them, and comparing plugin results with the reference.
```

> Please, do not forget to copy [styles folder](./../../../../ie_test_utils/functional_test_utils/layer_tests_summary/template) to the output directory. It 
> helps to provide report with the filters and other usable features.

The report contains statistics based on conformance results and filter fields at the top of the page.

# [Simple conformance runner](./../../../../ie_test_utils/functional_test_utils/layer_tests_summary/run_conformance.py)
There is a simple python runner to complete the whole conformance pipeline locally. Some steps could be excluded from the pipeline by command-line parameter configuration.

## The conformance pipeline steps:
1. (Optional) Download OMZ models.
2. (Optional) Convert models to IR or prepare a folder with IRs.
3. (Optional) Run `SubgraphDumper` to generate a simple single op graph based on models or download the `conformance_ir` folder.
4. Run conformance test executable files.
5. Generate conformance reports.

> ## Command line arguments

Reviewer: Command-line arguments

There is simple python runner to complete whole conformance pipeline locally. Some steps could be excluded from the pipeline by command-line parameter configuration.

## The conformance pipeline steps:
1. (Optional) Download OMZ models
2. (Optional) Convert models to IR or prepare folder with IRs
3. (Optional) Run `SubgraphDumper` to generate simple single op graph based on models or download `conformance_ir` folder
4. run conformance test executable files
5. generate conformance reports 

## Command line arguments
The script has the following srguments:
* `-h, --help`          show this help message and exit
* `-m MODELS_PATH, --models_path MODELS_PATH`
                        Path to directory/ies contains models to dump subgraph (default way is download OMZ). If `--s=0` specify Conformance IRs directory
* `-d DEVICE, --device DEVICE`
                        Specify target device. Default value is CPU
* `-ov OV_PATH, --ov_path OV_PATH`
                        OV binary files path. The default way is try to find installed OV by `INTEL_OPENVINO_DIR` in environmet variables or to find the absolute path of OV repo (by using script path)
* `-w WORKING_DIR, --working_dir WORKING_DIR`

>                         Specify working directory to save all artifacts as reports, model, conformance_irs and etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Specify a working directory to save all artifacts, such as reports, models, conformance_irs, etc.
```

* `-t TYPE, --type TYPE`

>                         Specify conformance type: `OP` or `API`. Default value is `OP`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Specify conformance type: `OP` or `API`. The default value is `OP`
```

* `-s DUMP_CONFORMANCE, --dump_conformance DUMP_CONFORMANCE`

>                         Set '1' if you want to create Conformance IRs from custom models/Downloaded models. In other case set `0`. Default value is '1'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Set '1' if you want to create Conformance IRs from custom/downloaded models. In other cases, set `0`. The default value is '1'
```
